Vivaan Nieminen sat at her desk, staring blankly at the stack of rejection letters in front of her. She had always dreamed of being a professional musician, but so far, every door she tried to open seemed to slam shut in her face.

As a child, Vivaan had been enchanted by the sounds of jazz and blues that her grandfather used to play on his old guitar. She would sit for hours, mesmerized by the way the notes seemed to dance in mid-air. As she grew older, her love for music only intensified, and she began to teach herself how to play.

But despite her passion, Vivaan's parents had always pushed her towards a more "stable" career – engineering or medicine, perhaps. They saw music as a hobby, not a viable profession. And so, after high school, Vivaan reluctantly enrolled in a pre-med program at the University of Helsinki.

It was during those long, sleepless nights spent studying that Vivaan found solace in her guitar. She would sneak into her dorm room whenever she could, strumming softly to herself as she tried to process the day's events. It wasn't just about the music – it was a way for her to express herself, to let loose and be free.

But even that had to come to an end when Vivaan's parents discovered her secret hobby. They were furious, telling her that music was a frivolous waste of time, that she needed to focus on getting a "real" job. And so, Vivaan reluctantly dropped out of school and began working part-time as a waitress.

It was a dead-end job, but it paid the bills and gave Vivaan just enough time to keep playing her guitar in secret. She dreamed of one day making music for a living – maybe even starting her own band. But until then, she had to be content with playing small gigs at local bars and clubs.

As she sat at her desk, staring at those rejection letters, Vivaan felt a familiar pang of frustration. Why couldn't anyone see the music in her? Why did it always seem like an impossible dream? She picked up her guitar and began to strum softly, letting the notes wash over her like a balm. Maybe, just maybe, someday she'd find her way out of this darkness and into the light.