Alvaro Wagner stepped out of the small café, taking a deep breath of the crisp morning air. As he walked down the cobblestone streets of the old town, the sound of his boots echoed off the ancient buildings. He was on a mission to meet with his former business partner, Rafael, who had been acting strangely lately.

Alvaro Wagner had known Rafael for years, and they had built their company from scratch together. But over the past few months, Rafael's behavior had become increasingly erratic. Alvaro couldn't shake the feeling that something was off, and he had decided to confront him.

As he turned a corner, he spotted Rafael pacing back and forth outside his office building. Alvaro approached him cautiously, not wanting to startle him. "Rafael, what's going on?" he asked, trying to keep his voice steady.

Rafael stopped pacing and turned to face him. His eyes were wild and his skin was pale. "I've been having these visions, Alvaro," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. "Dark dreams that feel more real than my waking life."

Alvaro's curiosity got the better of him. "What kind of visions?" he pressed.

Rafael hesitated, as if unsure how much to reveal. But then, in a rush, he began to describe the images that had been haunting him: burning buildings, screaming people, and a sense of impending doom.

Alvaro listened intently, his mind racing with possibilities. He knew Rafael's business acumen was second to none, but this...this was something different altogether. As they stood there, the air thick with tension, Alvaro realized that their partnership might be on the brink of collapse.

"I think we need to take a step back," Alvaro said finally, trying to sound calmer than he felt. "We'll get you some help, Rafael. And maybe we can reevaluate our partnership."

Rafael nodded, his eyes still haunted by the visions that plagued him. As they parted ways, Alvaro couldn't shake the feeling that their friendship was hanging by a thread, and that the fate of their business hung in the balance.