Ethan Lefevre sat at his desk, staring blankly at the stack of bills in front of him. As the sole owner of his own graphic design firm, he had always prided himself on being financially stable, but lately, it seemed like that was no longer the case.

He sighed and rubbed his temples, trying to ward off the growing headache. Why had it taken him so long to realize that his business wasn't generating as much revenue as he thought? He had been too busy taking on new projects and networking with potential clients to keep a close eye on the books.

Just then, his phone rang. It was his best friend and business partner, Rachel. "Hey, Ethan, what's up?" she asked cheerfully.

"Not much," Ethan replied, not looking up from the bills. "Just trying to figure out how I'm going to pay my rent this month."

Rachel sighed sympathetically. "We'll get through this, Eth. We just need to tighten up some of our budgets and-"

"Yeah, yeah, I know," Ethan interrupted, cutting her off. "I've been over it a million times in my head. It's just... I feel like I'm failing."

Rachel laughed. "Failing? You're not failing, Eth. We're just having a tough patch. And besides, you're one of the most talented designers I know. People love your work."

Ethan smiled wryly, feeling a small sense of relief wash over him. Maybe Rachel was right. He did have some great ideas and a loyal client base. It was just that... well, he had gotten a little too big for his britches.

As they chatted on the phone, Ethan's mind began to wander back to his childhood, when he had first started learning to draw and design. His mom, a talented artist herself, had always encouraged him to pursue his passion. And now, here he was, struggling to keep his business afloat.

But even as the doubts crept in, Ethan knew that he wasn't alone. He had Rachel by his side, and together, they would figure out a way to get back on track. As he hung up the phone, he felt a renewed sense of determination wash over him. Bring it on, bills.