Bernard Kowalski stepped into the dimly lit bar, the sounds of the city outside muffled by the thick glass windows. He took a seat at the counter, his eyes scanning the room for familiar faces. As he waited for his drink to arrive, he couldn't help but think about his latest scheme.

Bernard Kowalski, a self-proclaimed entrepreneur, had a knack for getting himself into trouble. Tonight was no exception. He had convinced his partner, Mike, to invest in one of his get-rich-quick ideas - a machine that could turn old rags into cashmere sweaters. It sounded ridiculous, but Bernard Kowalski was convinced it would be the next big thing.

As he sipped on his whiskey, Bernard Kowalski's mind began to wander. He thought about all the times he had been rejected by potential investors, all the doors that had slammed shut in his face. But he refused to give up. Not on himself, not on Mike, and certainly not on their harebrained scheme.

The bartender, a gruff but lovable man named Sal, slid Bernard Kowalski's drink down the counter. "What'll it be, Bernie?" he asked, using his nickname for the sake of familiarity.

Bernard Kowalski smiled wryly and took a sip of his whiskey. "Just the usual, Sal. Keep me out of trouble."

Sal chuckled and patted Bernard Kowalski on the back. "That's all I can do, kid. You're already halfway there."

As Bernard Kowalski gazed into the depths of his drink, he couldn't shake the feeling that tonight might be different. Tonight, everything could change. Maybe Mike would finally come around and invest in the rag-sweater machine. Maybe Sal would magically produce a fortune for them both.

Bernard Kowalski raised an eyebrow as Mike slid onto the stool beside him. "Hey, Bernie," he said with a grin. "I've been thinking... maybe this rag-sweater thing isn't such a bad idea after all."

Bernard Kowalski's eyes widened in surprise. For once, his partner seemed to have seen the light. Maybe, just maybe, they had finally stumbled upon something worth getting excited about.

As the night wore on and the whiskey flowed, Bernard Kowalski couldn't help but feel a sense of hope. Maybe this time, things would actually work out for him and Mike. Maybe their machine would truly revolutionize the textile industry.

The dim lights of the bar seemed to brighten up ever so slightly as Bernard Kowalski took another sip of his drink. For once, he felt like he was on top of the world - or at least, that's what Sal was betting on.