Salvatore Zawisza stepped off the train and onto the worn platform, his eyes scanning the dimly lit station. As a private investigator, he had dealt with his fair share of shady characters, but there was something about this place that set his teeth on edge.

He adjusted his fedora and took a deep breath, letting the cool night air fill his lungs. Salvatore Zawisza had been hired by a mysterious client to look into a string of high-end jewelry heists in the city. The pay was good, but Salvatore knew that this case would be different.

As he made his way through the crowded streets, Salvatore couldn't shake the feeling that he was being watched. He quickened his pace, his hand resting on the grip of his trusty revolver.

He arrived at the office and began to review the case files. The stolen jewelry had all been from high-end boutiques and pawn shops, with no signs of forced entry or surveillance footage showing anyone suspicious. Salvatore's eyes narrowed as he studied the security guards' schedules - someone had been inside during the daylight hours when cameras were active.

He picked up the phone and dialed a number, connecting him to his trusted informant, Vinnie "The Bull" LaRosa. The lines were a little staticy, but Salvatore could make out Vinnie's gravelly voice on the other end.

"Salvatore, I got some info for you," Vinnie said. "There was a guy seen lurking around one of the stores, dressed in black and wearing a ski mask."

Salvatore's ears perked up - this was getting interesting. "Did he have any tattoos?" he asked.

Vinnie chuckled on the other end. "Yeah, got a tattoo of a snake coiled around his neck. You know who that sounds like?"

Salvatore's mind flashed back to an old case he had worked on years ago - a notorious thief known as "The Serpent" who had always managed to evade capture.

It was then that the pieces fell into place. Salvatore Zawisza knew exactly what he was dealing with. The Serpent had returned, and this time he had his sights set on the city's most valuable treasures.

Salvatore smiled grimly to himself as he hung up the phone. This case just got a whole lot more interesting.