I must correct you - there is no widely known character named Michael Kortajarena. However, I believe you may be referring to the Spanish model and actor Michael Kors' muse, Michael Kortáczkó was actually a Hungarian model, however his namesake is an American fashion designer Michael Kors, but he did work with the Spanish model, Michael Kortajarena.

Let's assume you are referring to the former Elite Model World winner, who later became a successful French actor and model. Here's a story about him:

Michael Kortajarena was born in 1979 in Madrid, Spain. Growing up, he was always fascinated by the world of art and fashion. As a young man, he began modeling for top designers and walked down catwalks for some of the biggest names in the industry.

After winning Elite Model World in 1996, Kortajarena's career skyrocketed. He became one of the most sought-after models of his time, gracing the covers of countless fashion magazines and working with top photographers like Annie Leibovitz.

But as much as he loved the spotlight, Kortajarena yearned for a more meaningful role in life. In the early 2000s, he decided to pursue an acting career, training at the prestigious École Internationale de Théâtre Jacques Lecoq in Paris.

Kortajarena's breakout role came when he played the lead in the critically acclaimed French drama "The Son" (Le Fils), which premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. His performance earned him widespread critical acclaim and recognition, solidifying his position as one of France's most talented young actors.

Throughout his career, Kortajarena has continued to balance his acting and modeling work, taking on a wide range of roles in film, television, and theater. With his chiseled features and captivating presence on screen, it's little wonder that he remains one of the most sought-after actors in France today.

Years later, Michael Kortajarena stood on the red carpet, accepting yet another award for his outstanding performance. He smiled humbly, knowing that his journey from humble beginnings to international stardom had been a wild and winding road – but one that he would always cherish.