Yves Walker stepped into the dimly lit alleyway, his eyes scanning the space for any sign of trouble. As a private investigator, he had seen it all - the scams, the cheaters, and the desperate souls who thought they could hide from the law.

A figure emerged from the shadows, its features illuminated by the faint glow of a cigarette lighter. "Yves Walker," the man said, his voice low and menacing. "I've heard a lot about you."

"Who are you?" Yves asked, his hand instinctively reaching for the gun holstered at his hip.

"My name is Marcel," the man replied, taking a step closer. "And I'm here to make you an offer you can't refuse."

Yves raised an eyebrow. "What kind of offer?"

Marcel smiled, revealing a set of perfectly white teeth. "I have information about a missing person," he said. "A young woman named Sophie. She was last seen leaving this city six months ago, but her family is still waiting for answers."

Yves's interest piqued, he leaned forward. "Tell me more."

Marcel hesitated, glancing around the alleyway nervously. "I don't know if I should be sharing this with you," he said finally. "But...I think she might be in danger."

Yves nodded, his mind racing with possibilities. He pulled out a notebook and pen, jotting down the details as Marcel spoke.

"Sophie was last seen leaving a nightclub on the outskirts of town," Marcel continued. "She was meeting someone, but I don't know who it was. The cops didn't find anything, but...I think she might have stumbled into something bigger."

Yves's eyes locked onto Marcel's, his expression serious. "What do you want in return for this information?"

Marcel shrugged. "I just need your help with a little problem I'm having. A...business associate of mine has gone missing, and I think it might be connected to Sophie's case."

Yves hesitated, weighing the pros and cons. But something about Marcel's desperation resonated with him. He nodded, a plan already forming in his mind.

"Okay," he said finally. "I'll take the case. But you have to give me one more thing - your word that you're not working for the other side."

Marcel hesitated, then nodded. Yves watched as he lit another cigarette, his eyes flicking towards the shadows before disappearing into darkness.

"Deal," Yves muttered, tucking his notebook away. The game was on.