Tamás Dupuis was a man of mystery, shrouded in secrecy and intrigue. His life as a freelance journalist had taken him to some of the most unexpected places, from the streets of Budapest to the alleys of Marrakech. But it was his latest assignment that had brought him to the small town of Csepel, on the outskirts of Hungary's capital city.

As Tamás Dupuis stepped off the train and onto the platform, he couldn't shake the feeling that something was off. The air was thick with an eerie silence, broken only by the distant hum of machinery. He had been tasked with investigating a series of bizarre occurrences at the local steel factory, where rumors of ghostly apparitions and unexplained noises had long been circulating.

As Tamás Dupuis began his investigation, he quickly discovered that nothing was as it seemed in Csepel. The townspeople were tight-lipped and reluctant to talk, as if they were hiding a dark secret. He spoke to factory workers, who spoke of strange visions and unshakeable fears. He pored over dusty records, searching for clues that might explain the strange happenings.

But it was an anonymous letter, slipped under his hotel room door one night, that finally revealed the truth. The writer claimed to be a former employee of the steel factory, who had witnessed unspeakable horrors in the depths of the plant. Tamás Dupuis knew he had to uncover more.

The next day, he snuck into the abandoned section of the factory, where the rumors said the most terrifying events took place. He found himself surrounded by cobwebs and rusting machinery, but also a piece of paper on the ground that read: "They come for you at midnight". Suddenly, Tamás Dupuis realized that this was no ordinary haunting – it was something much more sinister.

He left Csepel that night, his mind reeling with questions. What secrets lay hidden in the steel factory? And what did they have to do with him? As he boarded the train back to Budapest, he couldn't shake the feeling that Tamás Dupuis had only scratched the surface of a much darker story.