Harley Straume stepped out of the rain and into the dimly lit bar, shaking the water from her long, curly brown hair. She had been driving for hours, trying to escape the memories that haunted her. As a private investigator, Harley had seen it all - the good, the bad, and the ugly. But nothing could have prepared her for what she was about to face.

Her eyes scanned the room, searching for the familiar figure of Jack Harris, the man who had been accused of murdering his wife. The police had given up on the case years ago, but Harley knew better than to believe in justice. She had a gut feeling that there was more to this story than met the eye.

As she made her way through the crowded bar, Harley spotted Jack sitting in the corner, nursing a whiskey. He looked older and wearier than he had on his last visit to her office. She slid onto the stool next to him, her eyes locked on his.

"So, what brings you here?" she asked, her voice firm but controlled.

"I needed someone to talk to," Jack replied, his voice low and rough. "I couldn't shake the feeling that I was being watched."

Harley leaned in closer, her ears perked up. "You think someone's after you?"

Jack nodded, his eyes darting around the room. "I don't know who, but I know it's not just coincidence. I've been getting these strange messages... threats, really. Telling me that my wife didn't die by accident."

Harley's mind was racing with possibilities. She had a feeling that this case was going to be much bigger than she initially thought. "Okay, let's take a look at these messages," she said, pulling out her phone and turning on the camera app.

As they pored over the messages, Harley couldn't help but think about her own life - the one she had left behind in Oslo. She had chosen to start anew in America, leaving behind the memories of her parents' tragic deaths at the hands of a serial killer. Little did she know that she would one day become entangled in a case similar to Jack's.

For now, Harley was focused on unraveling the mystery surrounding Jack's wife's death. She knew it wouldn't be easy, but with her skills and experience as a PI, she was ready for whatever lay ahead.