Salvatore Kalniņš stepped out of his sleek, black sports car and onto the sun-kissed streets of Monaco. The sound of the Mediterranean waves crashing against the shore created a soothing melody that calmed his nerves. As a high-stakes gambler and businessman, Salvatore was no stranger to pressure, but there was something about this place that made him feel alive.

With his chiseled features and piercing blue eyes, Salvatore exuded confidence as he strode towards the Casino de Monte-Carlo. He had heard rumors of a new game being introduced - a high-risk, high-reward variation of baccarat that promised to separate the players from their fortunes. Intrigued, Salvatore had made it his mission to find out more.

As he entered the casino, Salvatore was greeted by the familiar sight of elegantly dressed patrons and the soft hum of conversation. He made his way to the high-roller table, where a dealer with an air of mystery smiled at him from behind a veil.

"Welcome, Monsieur Kalniņš," she said, extending a gloved hand. "I see you're here for the new game. Very few people have attempted it."

Salvatore took his seat and was dealt two cards - a 9 and a 5. The stakes were enormous, but Salvatore was undaunted. He knew that this was an opportunity to make a fortune, or at least test the limits of his own luck.

The dealer revealed her hand, and the game began in earnest. Salvatore's instincts told him that something was off, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. The cards seemed to be falling in his favor, but every time he thought he had won, disaster struck.

As the hours ticked by, Salvatore found himself growing more agitated. He could feel the eyes of the other players on him, their hopes and dreams riding on this one game. And yet, despite the pressure, Salvatore refused to back down. With a final flourish, he revealed his hand - a 7 and a 3 - and the room held its breath.

The outcome was far from certain, but Salvatore knew that his fate hung in the balance. The cards seemed to be shifting on their own, as if fate itself was conspiring against him. And then, just when all hope seemed lost, the dealer announced the final result...

I'm happy to continue the story for you!