Reece Meinstein stared out at the desolate wasteland, his eyes scanning the horizon for any sign of life. It had been years since the world ended, and he was one of the few survivors left to scavenge what was left.

As a young man, Reece had always dreamed of becoming an engineer, building structures that would last long after he was gone. But when the world began to crumble, his skills were put to the test in ways he never could have imagined. He learned to adapt, to improvise, and to survive in a harsh new world.

Reece's latest project was a small settlement on the outskirts of what used to be a major city. He had spent months building it from scratch, using scavenged materials and his own two hands. It was a tiny oasis in the desert, with enough space for a few dozen people to call home.

But despite all his hard work, Reece couldn't shake the feeling that he was just keeping a candle lit in a world gone dark. He knew that as long as there were other survivors out there, it wouldn't be long before they stumbled upon his little settlement and turned it into a battleground.

Reece sighed, rubbing the weariness from his eyes. He had been up for hours, checking the walls for any signs of weakness, making sure the water collection system was functioning properly. It was a never-ending task, but someone had to do it.

Just then, he heard a noise coming from outside. Reece's heart skipped a beat as he turned towards the sound, his hand on the grip of his pistol. He crept forward, cautiously making his way towards the source of the noise.

As he emerged from the settlement, he was met with a sight that made his blood run cold. A group of rough-looking men, armed to the teeth and dressed in scavenged clothing, were rummaging through the nearby ruins. Reece watched in horror as they smashed into the buildings, taking what little they could carry.

He knew that he had to act fast if he wanted to protect his settlement. He carefully made his way back inside, his mind racing with plans for how to drive off these unwanted visitors. But as he reached the safety of his makeshift home, Reece couldn't help but wonder - was it worth fighting for? Or would the world just keep on moving without him?