I couldn't find any information on a fictional character named Dagobert Cara. It is possible that you meant to ask for a story about Dagobert Dalcour, which is a lesser-known minor character in the Harry Potter series. Here's a 400-word short story about Dagobert Dalcour:

Dagobert Dalcour sat at his desk, staring blankly at the stack of textbooks in front of him. As a sixth-year student at Hogwarts, he was expected to be excelling in his classes, but the truth was that magic just didn't hold the same allure for him as it did for some others.

While his classmates were busy conjuring fire and experimenting with complex spells, Dagobert found himself drawn to more...unconventional pursuits. He spent most of his free time researching ancient runes, poring over dusty tomes in the library's restricted section, and practicing a form of magic that he called "shadow weaving."

It was a technique that allowed him to manipulate light and darkness, creating shadowy illusions that could be used for both good and ill. Dagobert knew that this wasn't exactly the kind of magic Hogwarts taught, but he couldn't shake the feeling that it was something more important.

As he worked on his latest project, a complex pattern of shadows danced across the walls of his dormitory room. He was lost in thought when he heard a knock at the door. It was his best friend, Bertha Jorkins.

"Dagobert, have you seen Ron's new owl?" she asked, holding up a small, colorful feather. "I'm trying to help him figure out how to decorate its enclosure."

Dagobert smiled wryly and set aside his work. He followed Bertha down the stairs and into the castle's corridors, his mind already turning back to shadow weaving. It was moments like these that reminded him why he loved being an outsider at Hogwarts – he had a unique perspective on things, one that allowed him to see the world in ways that others couldn't.

As they made their way through the castle, Dagobert noticed something strange. The shadows seemed to be moving of their own accord, twisting and writhing like living things. He felt a shiver run down his spine – he was getting close to something. But what? Only time would tell.