Ivan Evan Jones, a renowned detective, stood outside the small café, sipping his morning coffee. He had been summoned by the owner, Mrs. Thompson, who was frantic about a mysterious occurrence in her shop. As Ivan entered the cozy establishment, he noticed a peculiar smell lingering in the air – something sweet and slightly acrid.

"Good morning, Ivan Evan Jones," Mrs. Thompson greeted him with a hint of relief. "Please, sit down. I'm at my wit's end."

Ivan took a seat and surveyed the shop. It was a typical café, with rows of pastry shelves and a bustling atmosphere. However, as he looked closer, he noticed that several displays were broken or rearranged.

"What seems to be the problem?" Ivan asked Mrs. Thompson, his eyes scanning the area.

"It's just... things have been moving around," she explained, her voice trembling. "Yesterday, I woke up and found my famous lemon bars had been switched with plain shortbread cookies. And this morning, my display cases were knocked over."

Ivan pulled out his notebook and began jotting down notes. He knew that a seemingly minor incident could be part of a larger scheme.

"Don't worry, Mrs. Thompson," Ivan reassured her. "We'll get to the bottom of this. I'll interview your staff and review any security footage."

As he began questioning the employees, Ivan discovered that each one had an alibi for the time the mischief occurred. However, when he reviewed the shop's security cameras, he noticed a faint glimpse of a figure – someone who seemed out of place.

"Ah-ha!" Ivan exclaimed, his eyes lighting up with excitement. "I think we have our culprit."

It turned out that one of the employees had been playing pranks on Mrs. Thompson for months, using a clever disguise to evade detection. Ivan had solved another case, and as he left the café, he couldn't help but smile at the cleverness of it all.

"Well, Mrs. Thompson," Ivan said with a chuckle, "it seems your shop has gained an extra layer of magic – that of mystery and intrigue."