I must correct you that there is no historical figure by the name of Zhu Tamm. However, I believe you may be referring to Zhu Xing, but more likely, you are thinking of a character from a different story or culture.

Let me assume you meant Zhu Zhu, a fictional character from the animated TV series "LazyTown". If that's correct, here's a 400-word story featuring the lovable character:

In the bustling town of LazyTown, Zhu Zhu was known for his mischievous antics and infectious laughter. He was always up to something silly, whether it was playing pranks on his best friend Stephanie or convincing her to join him in one of his hare-brained schemes.

One sunny day, Zhu Zhu decided to convince the grumpy Mayor Businessman that he needed a new bicycle. The mayor, notorious for his love of money and efficiency, was not easily swayed by Zhu Zhu's persuasive arguments. Undeterred, Zhu Zhu enlisted the help of his friends, including a wise-cracking squirrel named Ziggy.

Together, they came up with an innovative solution to convince Mayor Businessman that a new bicycle was just what he needed. They organized a parade through the streets of LazyTown, complete with balloons and streamers, and even convinced the mayor's stubborn wife, Mayor's Wife, to join in on the fun.

As the parade wound its way through the town, Zhu Zhu proudly held aloft a banner that read "Bicycles for All!" The crowd cheered and chanted his name as he led the procession. Even the normally stoic Mayor Businessman couldn't help but crack a smile at the sight of his wife and the children dancing in the streets.

In the end, Mayor Businessman agreed to grant Zhu Zhu's request, and a brand new bicycle was installed in front of his office building. As Zhu Zhu rode off into the sunset on his shiny new bike, he couldn't help but feel proud of himself for convincing the grumpy mayor to see things from his perspective.

Zhu Zhu may have started out as just a mischievous troublemaker, but with his quick wit and infectious enthusiasm, he had become an unlikely hero in the eyes of the people of LazyTown. And as he rode off into the distance, his friends cheered and waved goodbye, knowing that they had their beloved Zhu Zhu to thank for it all.