Grace De Rossi sat at her desk, sipping on a lukewarm cup of coffee as she stared blankly at the stack of unpaid bills in front of her. It was a typical Monday morning for a struggling artist, with only a few days left until the deadline for her latest commission.

As a painter, Grace had always been passionate about her work, but it seemed like no one shared that passion. She had sent out countless resumes to galleries and art studios, but so far, none of them had bitten. Frustration was starting to creep in as she thought about all the rejections she'd received.

Just then, there was a knock at the door. It was her best friend and confidant, Rachel. Rachel worked as a waitress at a nearby diner and always knew how to brighten up Grace's day.

"Hey girl, what's wrong?" Rachel asked, noticing the look of despair on Grace's face.

Grace sighed and gestured to the bills in front of her. "Just feeling really discouraged. I don't know if I'll ever make it as an artist."

Rachel plopped down beside Grace and handed her a cup of steaming hot coffee from her thermos. "You're one of the most talented people I've ever met, Gracie. You just need to believe in yourself more."

Grace smiled wryly. "Easy for you to say. You have a steady job and a stable life. What do you know about being an artist?"

Rachel took Grace's hand in hers. "I may not be an artist, but I've seen what it means to struggle. And trust me, your art is worth fighting for."

Grace looked at Rachel, really looking at her, for the first time that morning. She saw the sincerity in her friend's eyes and realized that maybe Rachel was right.

With newfound determination, Grace stood up and began to pace around the room. "You know what? I'm not giving up. I'll find a way to make this work."

Rachel cheered her on as Grace began brainstorming new ideas for her art studio. The two friends spent the rest of the morning coming up with a plan, laughing and joking like they always did.

As the sun rose higher in the sky, Grace felt a weight lift off her shoulders. She knew that she still had tough days ahead of her, but with Rachel by her side, she was ready to face them head-on.