It was a sweltering summer evening in New York City, and the streets of Little Italy were buzzing with life. Ali Esposito, the youngest son of Sal Esposito, the infamous mob boss, sat at his favorite bar in the neighborhood, sipping on a glass of red wine.

Ali's eyes scanned the room, taking in the familiar sights and sounds of the old country. The smell of fresh-baked bread wafted from the bakery down the street, mingling with the sound of Italian music drifting from the local pizzeria. He felt a pang of nostalgia wash over him, remembering his childhood spent playing stickball in the streets and listening to his father's stories about the old country.

As he sat at the bar, lost in thought, a familiar figure slid onto the stool next to him. It was Marco, Ali's old friend from high school. The two had grown up together, exploring the city and getting into all sorts of trouble.

"Hey, kid," Marco said with a smile. "What's new with you?"

"Not much," Ali replied, taking a sip of his wine. "Just trying to stay out of trouble."

Marco raised an eyebrow. "You know that's not going to happen," he said with a chuckle. "Your old man would have your head on a platter if he found out you were sitting in some dingy bar at this hour."

Ali shrugged. "I'm just keeping a low profile, that's all."

Marco nodded sympathetically. "I know how it is," he said. "But sometimes I think you're trying too hard to live up to your old man's expectations. You don't have to be Sal Esposito to prove yourself."

Ali looked at his friend, feeling a twinge of frustration. He knew Marco was right, but it was easier to try and follow in his father's footsteps than to forge his own path.

Just then, the bartender called out Ali's name. "Hey, kid! You've got a visitor," he said with a smile.

Ali looked up to see none other than Sal Esposito himself walking towards him. He stood up, smoothing out his jacket and trying to look as composed as possible.

"Sal," he said, attempting to sound suave. "What brings you here?"

His father's eyes narrowed slightly, but he smiled tightly. "Just thought I'd drop by and see how my favorite son was doing," he said with a wink.

Ali rolled his eyes good-naturedly, knowing that his old man would never truly accept him as anything other than the chosen successor. But for now, at least, he could just enjoy his father's company – even if it meant pretending to be someone he wasn't.